what's going on YouTube bros it's devan
here from be spotty building and it's
official i am one day out my
bodybuilding competition this is the
last late night vlog / cardio session
there will be for this prep and I got
along here this tall athlete of mine
it's going on YouTube it's a it's been a
long journey that's I know where decided
to prep coming down here to be Devin's
prep man for his last attempt at the pro
card this season and my train has been
going really well his last two months so
I said you know what I'm gonna go for
men's physique and give it my best shot
go out there get on stage and get my
feet wet before the 2013 season coming
up been training hard powerlifting meet
coming up I'm going to do with the Beast
here the shows just a kicker of a good
season to come hopefully that's right a
month a month pretty much a month and a
half inch of training and he's that
companies to go on stage and men's
physique that's what's up right there
that's that's what it's all about all
you guys worrying about competing and
placing first that your shows it's not
about that it's all about the journey
leading up to that show it's not about
placing first or you know you know
that's all you can really hope for you
do your best but um if all you're
thinking about is getting that first
place trophy you're not going to enjoy
the journey my man my friends and then
when you're truly ready to win you'll be
that much more dialed in and prepped
that's right getting on that stage
posing you know so much of its angles
and experience and just I get that
experience in exactly so we're out here
putting something degree weather 45
degree weather when our third mom third
mile of the day the two miles earlier
and under like 14 minutes total time
with ease yeah not even training that
kind of stuff so that shows you how hard
we've been working in the gym hard work
and it all our heart consistency and
hard work patient patience consistency
is what it's all about guys it's all
that's what's all about so as you guys
heard from me
we got powerlifting meet four weeks out
that's right December the eighth for
week four weeks off your power lifting
drug-free powerlifting I'm going to be
trying to shoot for the 198 pound weight
class so there's gonna be a technically
no reverse siding it's just giving me
eating a good amount of food I don't
plan on trying to weigh 198 pounds or
you know way or 200 and cut down the 198
but I'm plan on weighing at least one
81.2 that day of that that way in come
December 8th because I'm going to go for
my third third state championship gold
medal and three different weight classes
in one year that's my goal it's a crazy
goal but I think I can do it and you
know just going to enjoy eating the
foods that I like after this competition
and I'm not really going to worry about
my body weight and then we got big news
coming out later in the month exactly
it's not going to be a good time we got
our boys coming out to compete with us
and it's cute / / / a close to 1000
pound total over 900 pound totals the
goal is 85 first power with land around
170 pounds right now so i figured making
165 won't be an issue bench press is
coming along really well i'm gonna shoot
a little bit with the beast here get on
his dungeon weight set and see what kind
of see what kind of power i can muster
up and that is going good working on
last shots yeah one day out train one
day out from the men's physique i'm
gonna show you some pause bench presses
and see what kind of what kind of wait
can get locked out office chest so so if
you got under total like least with only
two months prior training after taking a
good almost half year off about being
dormant dorman that's what's up no
training drug-free at 165 that's that's
recalled true athlete right there might
as well talk about my goals for the
competition ah i want to pull redemption
on getting that 1200 pound total that
was my original goal at 181 I just came
sure that
thing I got like a 1190 1190 I think I
missed my second 10th on bench and if I
would have got the second 10th on bench
I would have had over a 1200 pound ra--
total at 181 so I think my goal is with
only four weeks of prep and you know
being dieting down for so long I'm going
to shoot for a 1200 pound total again at
a 198 pound weight class even though
I'll be technically really a solid 181
so that's the goal we're about to go
finish up this next half mile jog in pre
she'll support guys go try to film as
much as we can tomorrow of the show
backstage what we're eating after what
we're eating during etc the list goes on
guys more to come everybody stay tuned
it's going to be it's going to be a fun
weekend competition so it's all about
right one day out do sit